add form template explanation snow (#5829)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/ticketing-systems/update-service-now-tickets-in-cd-stages.md

   All the fields corresponding to the Template are listed.
3. Select **Apply Changes**.

> This option faciliates update of tickets with values as defined in the linked form template of the associated table. This is achieved via scripted APIs defined in the ServiceNow integration app for Harness templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option creates tickets with values as defined in the linked form template for the associated table. This is achieved via scripted APIs defined in the ServiceNow integration app for Harness templates.
```

   All the fields corresponding to the Template are listed.
3. Select **Apply Changes**.

> This option creates tickets with values as defined in the linked form template for the associated table. This is achieved via scripted APIs defined in the ServiceNow integration app for Harness templates.

Author: @roshnisarangadharan this should be update
